---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "onepassword-secrets-edu-ut-edition_secret Resource - onepassword-secrets-edu-ut-edition"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A 1Password item which can be created, read, edited or deleted from the 1Password vault.
---

# onepassword-secrets-edu-ut-edition_secret (Resource)

A 1Password item which can be created, read, edited or deleted from the 1Password vault.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `delete_field` (Boolean) If true, the field of the item is deleted for update
- `field_name` (String) The name of field of the item for creation/update
- `field_type` (String) The type of field of the item for creation/update
- `field_value` (String) The value of field of the item for creation/update
- `password_recipe` (Attributes) The password recipe for the secret, for secret generation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_recipe))
- `title` (String) The title of the secret.
- `update_password` (Boolean) If true, the password of the item is re auto-generated using password recipe.
- `vault` (String) The vault associated with the secret.

### Read-Only

- `category` (String) The category of the secret.
- `created` (String) The time at which the secret was created.
- `favorite` (String) Whether the secret is favourited or not.
- `id` (String) The id of the secret. Used for discerning multiple items.
- `updated` (String) The time the secret was last updated.
- `version` (String) The version of the secret.

<a id="nestedatt--password_recipe"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_recipe`

Optional:

- `character_set` (Set of String) The restrictions for password generation. The array elements can be set for the type of secret generated e.x ['digits', 'letters'] will generate a password comprising of only digits and letters.
- `length` (Number) The length of the generated secret.


